welcome to topet cast today we're going
to be watching Azrael playing as the
Lord commissar here on the calaris
desert he's going to be facing a chaos
Sorcerer of
Ken Koken is that like
Ken But
Ken I don't know but anyway he's going
to be doing a the conventional 2 Chaos
heretic opening with his
CSM what's a little bit weird for
Kaioken is that he's dedicating all of
his initial troops down this side of the
map leaving presumably his second tick
to take this wck point I don't actually
dislike that quite like that
play quite like it let's see how we can
deal with the commissar and the Sentinel
early on I mean it's not going to be
easy Heretics can't really do anything
to the comei or the Sentinel which is a
bit awkward for
them yeah I think some of these Heretics
should just go after the Sentinel so it
doesn't have free reain to pew pew at
least if they're in melee with the
Sentinel
attack I don't know it forces the
Sentinel away
whatever it doesn't really make any
difference if they're in melee with the
the lord commissar they're going to take
a little less damage as
well Doom BS onto the Sentinel I mean it
does or something it's very very very
frustrating as a k sorcerer to kill a
sentinel early on and a lord commissar
as well but really standing there with
the Gman is not a good idea okay they
should be just focusing the gasman right
now yeah cuz you don't have a lot of DPS
early
on not without your Heretics and the
Heretics should not be dpsing a sentinel
like the IG player shouldn't be allowing
you to do that so you focus on the
Guardsman the Guardsmen do bleed quite a
lot when they don't have their Sergeant
they don't really want to be fighting
without the sergeant just using them for
capping and repairs and stuff cuz you
want to delay your your sergeant for as
long as you possibly can in order to
maximize your wreck income this means
you get more gens and it means you get a
really fast cishan Devils as you can see
right
[Music]
herey so he's actually optimized the
speed at which he gets cats there by
getting no Jens which is kind of crazy
to me feels like IG play so weird
now figh
a k sorcerer it's a no-brainer
completely to go for the tanky melee
armor and Y Lord comasa and the Power
sword certainly if they go for anything
other than Havoc but [__] even if they
go havocs it doesn't really matter you
just get spotters and then do the same
thing
so these two upgrades will be mandatory
but noise Marines are a good choice in
general because they can help counter
kishan Devils 1 V one which is really
nice shutting down all the abilities of
the kashan Devils is nice and because
kadashian Devils have this high density
Squad I mean look how tightly packed all
these boys are they take a lot of damage
from the AOE Sonic Blaster of the noise
Marines carapace armor is coming out for
the commissar that is his tier one tanky
Mele hero armor so you can see here 2.5
HP per second regen he gets with this
armor and 200 extra Max HP so he's just
a pain to get rid of when he has this
upgrade G takes our purchase here for KY
and that's okay you get auto guns which
can help shoot the commissar commissar
[__] up here should have the shield
on the refractor Shield so he stops
getting knocked over he activates it
eventually but the ability's nearly
ended there so that was way too
late should have used that a lot
sooner h and a bit of an overextension
there from Azrael has to treat that Lord
commissar rather
unnecessarily would have been nice to
keep him in play still no upgrades on
the gsman but we do see four gens on the
way we got two gens for
Kaioken probably going to see an AC oh I
was going to say on the getic at some
point but going to get an AC on the
melee
ticks now that the AC gets a Bolter on
the jatic it can be pretty
good chos
a victory point is spping away just
capping around the map right
now avoiding big army versus army fight
but you can't really do that if they've
got noise
Marines cuz they're going to break down
the gem Farm real quick what is there to
defend it okay Kar but he's going down
solo not ideal there's actually a decent
amount of range damage right now you got
two bolters on the noce Marin three bols
on the CSM who have the Eternal War for
extra damage you can see that because of
the plus icon above their head and then
of course you got these auto guns as
well on the Gill tick so bit of focus
fire he was waiting for the Power sword
he has
it Koken is focusing on the the jens's
not the commissar so he's going to get
routed here but it's fine he got all
three
gens as we going to just replace them
but it's a lot of bleed that 300
requisition he should just Retreat he
can't do anything here he can't get rid
of the commissar he's going to be way
too tanky and he's going to just kill
CSM just Retreat man what are you
doing I don't know what the point of
this is yep there you go loses a
CSM on it's an expensive loss 66 wreck
down the drain that 300 wreck that you
just drained from Azrael you kind of you
kind of blowing that
advantage and this is the other problem
right IG not getting any Sergeants they
are really really efficient oh [__] me
he sneaks around the side with Gman
flamers dude Gman with flamers are so op
it's such [__] that a six man shitty
basic gasman Squad can wipe a gen Farm
like that by just picking up flamers for
super cheap and the worst thing is that
you get to tier 2 and they just pull out
plasma guns like they're a Space Marine
that's meant to be a unique mechanic for
the Space Marines so dumb that whole
push that Kaioken did there to get an
advantage was just completely shut down
because these stupid gsman ran over with
flamers and burnt down his farm in a
counter
bash you basically can't make any
aggressive players whatsoever in one
anymore against IG it's they're
completely broken they're totally broken
there's no doubt about
it there will eventually be a rework
but I'm not very confident in the elite
mod team's ability to produce an
effective rework
so yeah we'll see where that leaves us
we'll see what that leaves us a we
damage is one thing that's good against
the IG
though he's going to lose his no Marines
isn't he Kar charge range is so powerful
yeah no Havoc is kind of making this L
Kamar a nightmare to deal with I mean
look at him he just does doesn't give a
damn attempted wipe on the Sentinel here
Azrael focusing a little bit too much on
his Lord commissar and not the Sentinel
but he does it he gets out and now
that's going to be another CSM model
down
yikes yikes yikes yikes this commissar
is
ridiculous so hard to kill for chaos
sorcerer you just don't have the ranged
DPS you need to take down a beast like
this you need get havocs but then they
just get spotters which Never Bleed like
basically everything in the IG
roster and it's just a terrible terrible
time I'm not sure how you meant to win
really these guys by the way if they
stand on top of an IED will get blown up
entirely just wiped instantly the entire
Squad so that's pretty rough so you need
to get an AC tick on these especially
when you give them the gl's they will
blob up even more than when they're in
the melee form but as you can see even
in the Meli form they blob up a
lot very vulnerable to
IEDs I'm not sure how they're going to
do here given the lack of all
reliable quite
good power melee damage on the AC is
quite scary yeah that is the kadish
doing power melee into the AC of the
Heretics who is a heavy infantry in
spite of the actual her I themselves
being infantry fire
resist pretty spooky tier two for Koken
coming up he has got the rod of wfire
queued now he's canceled it don't blame
him what's the
plan K coming up for azreel I'm not sure
how azriel is going to lose this one he
is massively ahead right now no
doubt surprisingly not that far ahead in
VPS though only thought
see I would have expected more
weird Cal hunting jail tick is always a
good thing as long as it keeps moving
the grenade launchers will miss a
lot they're very
squishy we have not really see many
juicy Doom bolts that should have been a
doom blast to stop the Gman being able
to flee and get into to the Chimera now
they're Manning the side turrets on the
Chimera increasing its DPS quite a lot
yeah now the Heretics have to flee for
God's
sake oh and there's nothing the the
sorcerer can really do yeah Doom bols
onto a chimera is not going to do too
much and these gsman reinforcing off of
it okay they need to get into the camar
they don't want to eat a dark
Flames bit slow on that
move signal received K not for
Ken under Chimera
attack commissar purchased here for the
gsman plasma guns on the sixthman gasma
squad that's quite funny that's a serif
tactics right
there sorcerer just walks in and gets
shot to death
bizarre don't know what the plan was
there melee Heretics looking rather lost
there are CS in the back line so indeed
those melee Heretics aren't going to do
too much and the flamer is actually
going to be pretty effective here
countering the cover the CSM were in and
also going to do a lot of damage to the
Heretics oh my God look at them getting
roasted as they go into melee K dreadn
not finally appears but he is quite late
there is a little bit of a on the field
here remember that the sergeant for the
kishan Devils does have a melter gun so
the C dread needs to go tie that up but
there is a concern that the commissar
could get a power fist needs to tie up
the kishan Devils kishan devil should be
shooting the kid the sea dread as well
yeah okay another kill in the
commer I don't know why the commissar is
not retreating but he doesn't he gets
sink killed I mean that's got to be very
satisfying for
Kaioken problem that he has right now is
he doesn't have any snare to deal with
the Chimera so it be able to kite him
quite easily especially with a sentinel
nearby to do a little bit of damage 100
damage from every crack missile that it
launches out of its missile launcher
onto
vehicles or reliable to disrupt the
repairs but that might be a wipe on the
cadish due to dark flames in Retreat I'm
not sure why they were so far forward
they could have moved to the side and
got into the Chimera will they wipe no
they're going to live but it did kill
everyone but the sarge so that's got to
be worth
something uh wow he just thrown The
Sentinel yeah he just through the
sentinel oh man don't you love these
sloppy Saturdays games you just don't
know what's going to happen at all it is
impossible why the hell was he there
with a a sentinel trying to Jewel the
sea dread which had double repairs
coming in I have no idea but he was for
way too long there was wasn't even Mark
of zinch here on the CSM that would have
melted a sentinel that was just straight
up basic ass Eternal war bolters no
Inferno bolters so there you
go we getting very close to that IED for
some reason the The Dread not's very
scared of this
IED clearly slightly unfamiliar with
them they're not that terrifying like
the AOE is not that big if you were here
you'd have been
fine but all right it's going to be
ogens ogen's heavy melee sea dread also
heavy melee but has only 20% melee
resist so OG will be able to put up a
decent fight especially if they get some
boss from the Power sword it's basically
like battlecry you've got that lead by
example you activate it you will always
do specials every time you special all
your nearby troops will do more damage
so you activate that get a few specials
buff up the ogrs you could also pick up
Aura of
discipline to give a percentage based
heal to nearby troops the fewer troops
are nearby the bigger the percentage
based heal and the more frequent it
occurs very good Synergy if it's just a
commissar alongside overing and that
would be able to take down a dreadn
quite easily in melee but there are of
course options for a k sorcerer to
control such play as Robes of Torment
are probably going to be something
that's needed he's actually got the
demon
armor and he's got the rod of wfire now
as well which is what we just seen there
knocking over all these gasman gasman
right now picked up double plasma guns
and you can see they are
melting the CSM right now CSM really
should be going into melee with the
Guardsman but yeah pretty po micro from
Azrael okay he needs to just get out get
out of here Retreat the CSM they are so
low and lots of plasma guns are going to
be coming in he loses his Sorcerer And
yeah the Orin now going to be tying up
the SE Ed you've got kishan Devils with
that melter gun as
well going to be quite
scary cedra definitely not want to take
on the orens oneon-one going to need a
bit support for
that going to want Mark of Z and you CSM
here to get The Inferno bolters and give
a plasma gun to your own aspiring
Champion that will help do some damage
to these ogens Bolter is not going to
really do anything to orens because of
their super heavy infantry
armor yeah not
great as promised the victory point is
ours
nice play as the G ticks on the side
though from Kaioken getting a bit of map
control for him and by God does he need
it 135 VPS he's on right now like to see
some IEDs on these points if the G tis
are going over here for whatever reason
Kaioken has not invested in an AC for
this jail tick Squad so really it should
be getting wiped by
EDS okay this is not a good fight for
the orens
oh Ian corrected he has a of discipline
he's
fine big oh wow getting lucky with
special attacks right now the a of
discipline heals pretty
cracked there we go good Doom blast yeah
Lord comar split up from his oging
buddies and that's it they're wiped oh
[__] [__]
oh
God that was a [__]
up
well that is pretty great for Kaioken
but his problem right now is the
VPS dude his VP situation is very bad
right now 70 EVPs remaining he needs to
hurry up and get on it he's trying to
take the mid he's got a few Gman Pew
peing him but that's not a full
Squad it's not too scary
sorcer I don't like this play with the
SE dread so far forward bashing at this
point in the game we are super late in I
don't know how long it's been but it
feels very very
late Gman on this side is that like four
Gman that's four Dudes four Guardsmen
well obviously there's a commissar but
still capping a VP what is going on come
on CSM get out there and do something
there's 4K space range for [__]
sake be hiding from Fall G
yeah so low on VPS right now kyen and
only 56 he's got the icon of Z bit of
Splash damage on
that got the power claw coming out for
the Comm that will do some Against The
Dread not if you special attack a fleing
dread yeah the dreadnut should be able
to One V one this guy with
repairs absolutely pointless G barrage
because of their Shield so that's pretty
stupid
whoops
whoopsy yeah he should just force melee
you're
fine if he's going to be fighting your
Heretics
then you're chilling you know what I
mean I wouldn't be wasting war fire just
on the comar either but
whatever fine second K dreadn is on rout
as real needs to respond with some real
AV like a last Cannon team which
combined with execute could be pretty
deadly no bionic eye here to buff things
like
kishan of course he is tier three right
now so obviously he could just save up
for Limon Russ probably would want to be
dropping down
another generator if you wanted to Lion
Russ though that's a lot of power I
don't want this is why is he staying in
and fighting this now he's just played a
loot of cishan devils I what paying
attention to there's nothing going on
over here setting up a Rocket
run oh we should get that
take [__] hell he did the when you
meant to
do like that so
educational do do and then you cut it
back like 20% from the end so go to like
here and then do it again same direction
don't go forward and then backwards cuz
you miss half of it
cuz the Rocket run rolls the enemies out
of the actual initial radius that you
put it
into yeah save the war fire for when his
energy is down my guy so it actually
does knock back come on
now another heretic I don't really
dislike that it's just for repair
support these double dreadnots are
proving a problem for asrael for some
reason but I think when he gets a leon
rust that should pretty much be it I
don't really know how he's going to deal
with li Ras Gman not expecting the two
dreadnots to appear there yeah they're
getting ripped
up attack send his cish to the
right it's funny the gem bashing even
though we're super late in the game The
Gem bashing is actually quite
useful which is funny that is that's
very
rare enemy
contact want test us
repair H he walks out oh wow he could
have whopped that dreadnut onto the IED
and then the IED blown up would have
killed the dreadnut that would have been
hilarious but azreel is going for a
Leman Russ and if these dreadnots are
this far forward they might be in
trouble when the lemon Russ comes out
they need to get
back it is so risky to have you Walker
on the enemy 50% of the the map now when
you kill sorer and you have the red for
w and W is off cool down I'll let you
off with it you can be way more risky
but right now Kaioken has used his warp
he's going to be on cool down with that
ability for a short while and he doesn't
have that much red either so I'd be very
wary about having my dreadnut this far
forward alumin Russ is about to hit the
field and it's going to cause problems
for the dreadnut it's like the dread not
new oh no want to finish off the
nod let's go lemman
Leeman let's
go CSM getting wrecked by cish it
seems to be a good barrage on the gsman
going to try and focus down the comei
where is the Leman dude the leman's just
chilling
yikes he does have the vanquisher that's
a much higher DPS for right yeah these
dreadnots are
[__] they're [__] they've got good
versatility with those autoc cannons but
the actual vehicle DPS that they do is
not very good anti- vehicle that
is you're
dead and now the lon can take down the
other dreadn one V one quite
easily yeah
noise Marines what that's really
weird
yeah K not really able to deal with the
Leman right now kind of stuck in tier
two man where did this go
wrong go ahead sir [__] I don't even
know there's just so many mistakes
it's hard to
say the flame of GM burning down his
entire Farm over here felt bad I felt
his pain man it is such [__] that
Guardsman with six models and no
investment can just pick up flamers and
ninjab bash your whole Farm IG were not
designed with that capability in mind of
course they always could do that but you
never seen it
because the kishan devils
weren't as powerful and spotters didn't
exist such
that you had to rely on using your
gasman to win fight so you always went
the
sge previously you always Ed gasman in
attritious Warfare to out bleed your
opponent so you always use gasman in
combat not for side capping constantly
all game furthermore if they did
purchase the flamers to go for a ninjab
bash which they could do they couldn't
just swap out to Plasma in tier 2 so it
was a really really heavy investment for
them that they had to commit to and it
punished them for the rest of the game
especially because even come into tier
two you want your gasman to have maximum
range so they can do the whole Chimera
Synergy or the medical bunker Synergy
but that doesn't matter anymore because
you just go assault kit Storm Troopers
or a primary psycho or Aura of
discipline adorin basically you don't
need to play attritious IG with heavy
weapons teams Auto cannons spotters
manticores and Chimera and Guardsman
lines and this is the problem with the
state of IG in the elite mod and it's
really really exacerbated by the fact
that gasman can now get flamers and swap
out to plasma guns in tier 2 and that
really I mean it may it it meant that
this push here which Kaioken timed so
perfectly and Azrael kind of messed up
by being out of position not having a
last turret ready not already having his
power sword on the commissar by the time
the noise Marine CSM AG tis red at the
farm azreal kind of messed that up and
it was a good play and a well-timed play
by Kaioken and he got the free
gens but then he lost the CSM that's
okay he's still up
234 wreck compared to his opponent but
then he lost his entire gen Farm to
flamer GM now obviously if he had some
ticks around here some AC ticks or
something like that he would have been
able to deal with that if he had the K
Sorcerer And that's something he needed
to predict but it still feels grossly uh
balanced if you ask me but there you go
this is a sloppy Saturdays we can't
expect too much balance on that one it's
going to be all from you Bo topid I am
tuning out
[Music]